- ♪ TIMMY IS AN AVERAGE KID ♪
♪ THAT NO ONE UNDERSTANDS ♪
♪ MOM AND DAD AND VICKY
ALWAYS GIVING HIM COMMANDS ♪
- BED, TWERP!
- ♪ THE DOOM AND GLOOM
UP IN HIS ROOM ♪
♪ IS BROKEN INSTANTLY ♪
♪ BY HIS MAGIC LITTLE FISH
WHO GRANT HIS EVERY WISH ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IN REALITY ♪
♪ THEY ARE HIS ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
- WANDS AND WINGS.
- FLOAT-Y CROWN-Y THINGS.
- ♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ REALLY MOD, PEA POD,
BUFF BOD, HOT ROD ♪
- OBTUSE, RUBBER GOOSE,
GREEN MOOSE, GUAVA JUICE,
GIANT SNAKE, BIRTHDAY CAKE,
LARGE FRIES, CHOCOLATE SHAKE!
- ♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ IT FLIPS YOUR LID
WHEN YOU ARE THE KID ♪
♪ WITH FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
- YEAH, RIGHT.
[together]
WAKE UP, TIMMY!
TIME FOR SCHOOL.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
IT'S SATURDAY...
AND JULY!
- NOT SCHOOL FOR YOU, SPORT.
SCHOOL FOR POOF.
- POOF-POOF!
- TODAY IS POOF'S FIRST DAY
AT SPELLEMENTARY SCHOOL.
IT'S IMPORTANT
TO LOOK YOUR BEST.
[shimmering tone]
SPELLEMENTARY SCHOOL
IS WHERE ALL MAGICAL KIDS
LEARN TO USE THEIR POWERS.
- EXCEPT ME.
I NEVER WENT
TO SPELLEMENTARY SCHOOL.
I'LL DRIVE!
[engine rumbling]
[all shouting]
[heavy crash]
I NEVER WENT
TO DRIVING SCHOOL EITHER.
[tires screech]
- COOL!
LEPRECHAUN KIDS!
- SETH, DEGORA,
HERE'S YOUR LUNCH MONEY.
- AND MAGICAL LAWN GNOMES!
- HEY, YOU KIDS,
STAY OFF OF MY LAWN.
- AND ELF KIDS!
- HERE'S YOUR NAPPY TIME SNACK,
GANG.
[elves laughing]
[shimmering tone]
- AH!
GET THE MOSQUITO REPELLENT!
- THOSE AREN'T MOSQUITOES.
THEY'RE MAGICAL SPRITES.
- AH!
THEN GET THE SPRITE REPELLENT!
clang!
- OKAY, SWEETIE,
I KNOW YOU'RE PROBABLY NERVOUS
ABOUT LEAVING US
FOR THE FIRST TIME.
BUT YOU HAVE TO BE
A BIG BOY NOW.
DON'T CRY.
BE--
- POOF-POOF!
- BRAVE.
OH, MY BABY!
[wailing]
- DON'T WORRY, WANDA.
YOU STILL GOT ME.
I'M NOT A SMALL, HELPLESS BABY,
BUT--
[chime dings]
- WHAT?
I NEVER WENT TO PARENTING SCHOOL
EITHER.
[engine revs]
[flames whooshing]
- AH, SPELLEMENTARY SCHOOL,
MY FUTURE CONQUEST.
THEY WILL ALL BOW DOWN TO ME
BEFORE RECESS.
AND I WILL TEACH
MY ARCH NEMESIS POOF A LESSON!
OH, WHY CAN'T YOU
GET ALONG WITH PEOPLE?
OH, LOOK WHO'S TURNING
GOODY-TWO-SHOES ON ME!
[vehicle chirps]
NOW, TO TEACH POOF
THE THREE "R"s:
READING, WRITING, AND...
REVENGE!
[laughs evilly]
[gagging]
DRAT!
SWALLOWED A SPRITE!
[bell ringing]
[laughter]
[shimmering tone]
- HELLO, CLASS.
I'M MISS POWERS.
WELCOME TO SPELLEMENTARY SCHOOL.
[shimmering tone]
- POOF-POOF!
[loud zapping noise]
- [grumbling]
- NOW, BEFORE WE GET STARTED,
WE HAVE A CELEBRITY
AMONG US TODAY,
A VERY FAMOUS MAGICAL BABY.
AND HIS NAME IS FOOP...
- [laughing] OH, YEAH.
YOU'RE TOO KIND.
- SPELLED BACKWARDS!
[all cheering]
- [groaning angrily]
- OKAY, CHILDREN.
TAKE OUT YOUR SPELLBINDERS
AND YOUR MAGIC MARKERS.
CAN ANYONE TELL ME
WHAT TWO PLUS TWO IS?
- DEATH!
- [laughs nervously]
NOT QUITE, FOOP.
ANYONE ELSE?
- POOF POOF POOF POOF!
- YES, THAT'S RIGHT, POOF.
FOUR!
- [groaning angrily]
[indistinct chatter]
[shimmering tone]
[chime dings]
[sprites giggling]
[shimmering tone]
[banging and zapping]
[all groaning]
- POOF MAY BE POPULAR IN CLASS,
BUT I SHALL RULE THE LUNCHROOM.
zap!
[cackling]
[chime dings]
- POOF-POOF!
- WHO IS THERE?
[laughter]
- YOU CALL THAT A JOKE?
WELL, THEN, PREPARE
TO HAVE YOUR FUNNY BONES BROKEN.
KNOCK-KNOCK.
- [sighs]
WHO'S THERE?
- DEATH!
[laughs crazily]
[laughter tapers off]
[all booing]
- YOU WILL PERISH IN FLAMES!
[whistle blows]
- CHILDREN, IT'S TIME
FOR GYM CLASS.
[shouting and laughter]
- HEY, LOOK WHAT POOF CAN DO.
- POOF-POOF!
[all cheering]
- OH, PLEASE!
THERE'S NOTHING SPECIAL
ABOUT THAT.
BEHOLD, PLAYGROUND,
AS I TAKE MY MAD SKILLS
TO THE HOOP!
WELL, THIS IS AWKWARD.
- THROW FOOD AT HIM AGAIN.
[all booing]
- FOOP, I HOPE SITTING
IN THE CORNER WILL TEACH YOU
IT'S WRONG TO CONJURE UP
NUCLEAR WEAPONS
AND AIM THEM
AT YOUR FELLOW STUDENTS
DURING NAPPY TIME.
IT'S A GOOD THING POOF WAS HERE
TO DISARM THOSE WARHEADS.
[electronic beep]
- YES, AREN'T WE SO VERY LUCKY
TO HAVE POOF AROUND?
- OKAY, CHILDREN.
IT'S TIME FOR A FIRST DAY
OF SCHOOL TRADITION,
ELECTING A CLASS PRESIDENT.
- CLASS PRESIDENT?
THIS MAY BE THE WAY
TO SUPER POPULARITY.
- DOES ANYONE WANT
TO MAKE A NOMINATION?
- YEAH, I NOMINATE THE FOOP...
- YES!
- SPELLED BACKWARDS.
- YOU FALL FOR THAT EVERY TIME.
I DO, DON'T I?
WELL, CLASS, I NOMINATE...
ME!
- OKAY, CANDIDATES...
[chime dings]
TIME TO MAKE
YOUR CAMPAIGN SPEECHES.
- NOW, TO WOW THEM WITH MY
AMAZING ORATORY SKILLS.
IF ANYONE KNOWS HOW TO WIN THE
HEARTS AND MINDS OF CHILDREN,
IT'S ME.
CLASS OF MORONS
AND FUTURE VICTIMS,
SLAVES, UNDERLINGS,
AND MINIONS...
DEATH, PEOPLE!
FIERY DEATH!
YOU WONDER, AM I A LEADER?
DEATH!
AND SO, IN CONCLUSION,
VOTE FOR ME, OR DEATH,
PAINFUL, FIERY DEATH.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
YOU WERE VERY SELF-ASSURED.
THANK YOU.
YOU KNOW, I MISS THIS "US" TIME.
I DO TOO.
LET'S HAVE LUNCH.
NOW LET'S SEE POOF TOP THAT!
- POOF-POOF!
[all cheering]
- WHAT?
YOU APPLAUD THAT?
HE'S ONLY SAYING HIS NAME
THAT'S ALL HE EVERY SAYS.
- OKAY, EVERYONE.
CAST YOUR VOTE
FOR CLASS PRESIDENT.
- [laughs evilly]
- NOW, TO TALLY THE RESULTS.
[shimmering tone]
AND IT'S UNANIMOUS.
THE WINNER IS...
FOOP!
- YES!
- SPELLED BACKWARDS!
- EVERY TIME!
WAIT.
UNANIMOUS?
BUT THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
I VOTED FOR ME,
REPEATEDLY.
ACTUALLY, POOF WON ME OVER
WITH THIS SPEECH,
SO I CHANGED OUR VOTE.
OH, YOU IMBECILE!
BEING PRESIDENT
WAS MY LAST CHANCE
TO RULE THE SCHOOL.
FINE.
IF I CAN'T BE
THE MOST POPULAR KID
AT SPELLEMENTARY SCHOOL,
THEN I'LL MAKE MY OWN SCHOOL,
WHERE I'LL BE THE MOST POPULAR
CHILD ALL THE TIME.
[zapping noise]
[lightning cracking]
[laughs crazily]
- AH!
AH!
[kids screaming]
- NOW YOU WILL ALL
PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE...
TO ME!
[laughs evilly]
[coughing]
SWALLOWED ANOTHER SPRITE.
- POOF-POOF!
[kids gasp]
[chime dings]
- DOES MR. POPULAR
WANT TO FIGHT?
IT'S AT LEAST TWO AGAINST ONE,
SO YOU DON'T STAND A CHANCE.
[chime dings]
THE FORCE IS STRONG IN YOU,
POOF.
GIVE UP,
AND BE MY VICE PRESIDENT.
I THOUGHT I WAS
YOUR VICE PRESIDENT.
PIPE DOWN!
YOU'RE THE SECRETARY
OF AGRICULTURE.
JOIN ME, AND TOGETHER
WE CAN RULE THE SCHOOL.
- POOF POOF POOF!
- YOU KNOW,
I CAN NEVER UNDERSTAND YOU,
BUT I ASSUME THAT'S A NO,
OR A PUNCH LINE
TO A HILARIOUS KNOCK-KNOCK JOKE.
[warbling tone]
[shimmering tone]
WELL, IF YOU WON'T JOIN ME,
YOU'LL JUST HAVE TO BEAT ME.
AND I'M CERTAIN YOU CAN'T.
[laughs evilly]
- AH!
- WAH!
- WA-AHAH!
- NOW, I COMMAND YOU
TO BOW TO ME
AND CALL ME
THE MOST POPULAR.
[together]
NEVER!
- SERIOUSLY?
WOW.
YOU'RE A TOUGH CROWD.
WELL, IF YOU WON'T
SEE THINGS MY WAY,
YOU'RE ALL EXPELLED!
[all screaming]
AND NOW I THINK
I SHALL LAUGH EVILLY
AS YOU ARE ALL DESTROYED.
[laughs evilly]
WAIT.
I CAN BE BIGGER.
[laughs evilly]
[kids screaming]
- [laughing]
[bell rings]
- [giggles]
MY, WHAT A FUN
FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL.
SEE YOU ALL TOMORROW.
[kids cheering]
- HOLD THE PHONE,
BROOM HILDA.
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
- WHAT HAPPENS EVERY DAY
AT SPELLEMENTARY SCHOOL.
EVERYTHING RETURNS TO NORMAL
AT THE END OF THE DAY.
HAVEN'T YOU HEARD
THE EXPRESSION
"SAVED BY THE BELL"?
- SO THAT'S IT?
ALL MY TERROR AND DESTRUCTION...
FOR NOTHING?
- OH, NOT NOTHING.
YOU'VE EARNED YOURSELF
A NICE, LONG STAY IN DETENTION.
- SAY WHAT, NOW?
- POOF POOF POOF!
- HOLD ON.
POOF WANTS TO GIVE YOU
A PRESIDENTIAL PARDON, FOOP,
SO YOU WON'T HAVE TO GO
TO DETENTION AT ALL.
- SAVED YET AGAIN
BY MY NEMESIS?
NOOOO!
- THERE'S MY BIG BOY!
- [giggles]
- AW!
- [growls]
- HI, FOOP.
I DIDN'T KNOW YOU ATTENDED
SPELLEMENTARY SCHOOL.
[laughter]
OOH, HANG ON.
YOU HAVE A SPRITE
ON YOUR NOSE.
I'LL GET IT.
[loud thwacks]
THERE.
GOT IT.
OOP!
THERE'S ANOTHER ONE.
HOLD STILL.
I'M GONNA GET
A BIGGER SHOVEL.
- STOP!
- I'M REALLY GONNA WIND UP
ON THIS ONE.
- PLEASE!
- WANDA, YOU SHOULD TRY THIS.
OH, THAT'S A FRECKLE.
EH, THAT'S A MOLE.
- DOH!
CURSE YOU!
- [humming]
♪ LEE DEE DEE DEE ♪
[gasps]
WHAT?
CLOUDY WITH A CHANCE OF RAIN?
THIS CAN ONLY BE THE WORK OF...
- MORNING, TURNER.
- DINKLEBERG...
[whistling]
- HONEY, YOUR TIE
DOESN'T MATCH YOUR SHIRT.
- DEH!
DINKLEBERG STRIKES AGAIN!
WE'RE OUT OF MILK!
DINKLEBERG HAS GONE TOO FAR
THIS TIME.
- THINK MAYBE YOU'RE
OVERREACTING A LITTLE?
[chainsaw buzzing]
- WHY?
JUST BECAUSE
I'M CUTTING MY BAGEL
WITH A CHAINSAW?
[chainsaw buzzing]
CURSE YOU, DINKLEBERG!
- HONEY,
THANKS FOR THE EXTRA FIBER.
BUT I DON'T KNOW WHY
YOU KEEP BLAMING MR. DINKLEBERG
FOR EVERYTHING.
HE'S A PERFECTLY NICE NEIGHBOR.
- GET AWAY FROM YOUR MOTHER,
TIMMY.
DINKLEBERG'S PUT A COMPUTER CHIP
IN HER WOMAN BRAIN
AND TURNED HER AGAINST US.
DINKLEBERG!
I KNOW YOU'RE LISTENING!
AND AS SURE AS I EAT
MY BREAKFAST IN A HOCKEY MASK,
YOU WON'T GET AWAY WITH THIS.
- WELL, SO MUCH FOR HAVING
A NORMAL CHILDHOOD.
ANYWAY, I'M GONNA GO TO SCHOOL.
- DEH, NO YOU'RE NOT.
- UGH!
- NOTE TO SELF: INSTALL A HATCH
ABOVE HYDRAULIC LIFT.
[screens chirping]
- DIDN'T THIS USED TO BE
MY ROOM?
- NOT ANYMORE.
WELCOME TO OPERATION DINKLEBERG.
FOR YEARS,
DINKLEBERG HAS FOOLED EVERYONE
WITH HIS PHONY
"GOOD NEIGHBOR" ACT.
LENDING PEOPLE CUPS OF SUGAR,
NURSING THOSE BABY BIRDS
BACK TO HEALTH,
DONATING ONE OF HIS KIDNEYS
TO SAVE MY LIFE.
HA, LIKE I'D REALLY FALL
FOR THAT.
TIMMY,
IT'S TIME TO EXPOSE DINKLEBERG
FOR THE MONSTER HE REALLY IS.
- UH-HUH, AND HOW EXACTLY
ARE YOU GONNA DO THAT?
- WE, TIMMY.
WE!
WE'RE GOING TO DO IT.
WE'LL WATCH THAT FIEND 24/7
AND CATCH HIM
IN AN ACT OF EVIL.
UNTIL THEN,
YOU'RE NOT LEAVING MY SIDE,
EXCEPT WHEN I GO
TO THE BATHROOM
TO TRY OUT MY NEW KIDNEY.
- GUYS, WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
IF MY DAD'S WITH ME
ALL THE TIME,
YOU CAN'T GRANT MY WISHES.
AH! I'LL HAVE TO DO THINGS
FOR MYSELF!
- DEH!
NO TOILET PAPER?
DINKLEBERG HAS STRUCK AGAIN!
- RELAX, SPORT.
YOUR DAD CAN'T OBSESS
ABOUT MR. DINKLEBERG FOREVER.
- YEAH, HE'S NOT THAT CRAZY.
- CODE RED.
CODE RED!
THE CHICKEN HAS LEFT
THE HENHOUSE!
- IS THAT SPY TALK FOR
"DINKLEBERG IS ON THE MOVE"?
- NO, IT'S SPY TALK FOR
"MY PANTS ARE DOWN
AROUND MY ANKLES."
OH, NO.
DINKLEBERG'S HEADING
INTO HIS EVIL LAIR.
SWITCHING TO INSIDE CAMERAS.
EEH, I FORGOT.
WE DON'T HAVE INSIDE CAMERAS.
[gasps] DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THIS MEANS, TIMMY?
- I HOPE THAT MEANS YOU'RE
GONNA PULL UP YOUR PANTS NOW.
- THERE'S NO TIME!
BESIDES, THAT'S JUST
WHAT DINKLEBERG
WOULD WANT ME TO DO.
WE'VE GOT TO GET A CAMERA
INSIDE DINKLEBERG'S HOUSE.
AND YOU'RE JUST THE GIRL
TO DO IT.
GOLDILOCKS, THIS IS PAPA BEAR.
DO YOU READ ME?
- YES, DAD.
- IT'S "PAPA BEAR"!
AND USE THE GIRL VOICE
WE PRACTICED.
- [high-pitched]
RIGHT, DAD!
- WHO IS THIS?
- IT'S TIMMY, DAD.
- CALL ME "PAPA BEAR"!
NOW, REMEMBER THE PLAN.
EVERY COOKIE IN THAT BOX
HAS A TINY CAMERA
AND A MICROPHONE IN IT.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS GET DINKLEBERG
TO BUY THOSE COOKIES.
- WELL, HELLO,
LITTLE CREAMPUFF GIRL.
- UH, HI, MR. DINKLEBERG.
- GIRL VOICE!
- [high-pitched]
WOULD YOU LIKE TO BUY A BOX
OF LEMON CREAMY COOKIES?
- ANYTHING TO HELP
THE CREAMPUFF GIRLS.
I'D GIVE YOU A KIDNEY,
BUT I ONLY HAVE ONE LEFT.
- LOOK, TIMMY.
IT'S DINKLEBERG'S EVIL LAIR.
OOH, IT'S SHAPED
LIKE A SMALL INTESTINE
WITH MEATLOAF WALLS
AND CORN ON THE FLOOR.
- THAT IS HIS SMALL INTESTINE.
HE ATE THE COOKIE.
[flushing noise]
- WE'VE LOST CONTACT.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS?
- I CAN NEVER UNSEE
WHAT I JUST SAW?
- NO!
IT MEANS YOU'RE GOING BACK IN.
- THIS SANTA CLAUS PLAN
IS FOOLPROOF.
- BUT IT'S NOT EVEN CHRISTMAS.
- AND IT NEVER WILL BE
IF THAT VILLAIN DINKLEBERG
GETS AWAY WITH...
WHATEVER IT IS HE'S DOING.
[rope snaps]
- [hollering]
UGH!
- HEY!
SANTA CLAUS!
WHAT BRINGS YOU HERE
IN SEPTEMBER?
- UH...
- SANTA VOICE!
- HO HO HO!
I BROUGHT YOU
A STUFFED PANDA.
- WELL!
I WANTED A KIDNEY,
BUT A STUFFED PANDA
WITH A CAMERA JAMMED
IN ITS HEAD IS EVEN BETTER.
- HO HO!
WELL, GOT TO GO.
UGH!
AY!
- NOW WE CAN FINALLY SEE
WHAT THAT PSYCHOPATH IS UP TO.
[buzzing and beeping]
- DEAR SANTA, THANK YOU
FOR THE PANDA BEAR,
WHICH I PLAN TO GIVE
TO A NEEDY CHILD.
- OOH, LOOK AT HIM.
HE'S THE EMBODIMENT OF EVIL!
I CAN'T WATCH.
- DAD, GET A GRIP.
THERE IS NOTHING EVIL
ABOUT MR. DINKLEBERG.
- DEH!
DINKLEBERG'S GOTTEN TO YOU TOO.
HE PUT A CHIP
IN YOUR LITTLE GIRL BRAIN
JUST LIKE HE DID
TO YOUR MOTHER.
YOU MANIAC!
GIVE ME BACK MY SON!
- HI, BOYS.
I BROUGHT YOU SOME LEMONADE.
- DEH!
THAT'S NOT LEMONADE.
THAT'S MIND-CONTROL JUICE!
HI-YAH!
MUST ESCAPE BEFORE I, TOO,
FALL UNDER DINKLEBERG'S CONTROL.
TO THE ESCAPE CHUTE!
beep!
- AH!
- HONEY, CUSHION MY FALL!
thud!
- OW!
- [snoring]
PEACE.
[snoring]
HARMONY.
- THE PERFECT DISGUISE.
NOW TO QUIETLY LOOK
FOR SIGNS OF EVIL.
[dog yelps]
[clattering and shouting]
[loud rock music]
[jazz music]
[music powers down]
- [snoring]
- MMM, LEMON CREAMIES.
[gagging and coughing]
COOKIE CAM!
- UGH.
TURNER!
WHAT A NICE SURPRISE.
AND MAY I SAY, THAT'S A LOVELY
FLORAL ENSEMBLE YOU'RE WEARING.
- EH-EH-EH-EH!
PLEASE DON'T DO EVIL THINGS
TO ME.
I'LL GIVE YOU BACK
YOUR KIDNEY.
- DON'T BE SILLY, TURNER.
THAT'S YOURS TO KEEP.
HOW ABOUT A SOOTHING CUP
OF COCOA?
- WELL, I DO NEED SOMETHING
TO WASH DOWN THE TINY CAMERA
THAT'S LODGED IN MY THROAT.
- RELAX, TURNER.
MAKE YOURSELF COMFORTABLE...
'CAUSE YOU'RE NEVER GOING HOME.
YOU WERE RIGHT ABOUT ME
ALL ALONG, TURNER.
THE TRUTH IS, I AM EVIL.
- YOU MEAN I WAS RIGHT?
YAY!
NO, WAIT.
THAT'S BAD.
BOO!
ARE YOU GONNA TAKE ME
TO YOUR SMALL-INTESTINE-SHAPED
LAIR?
- YOU'RE ALREADY IN IT.
[laughs evilly]
YOU SEE, TURNER, I'M THE LEADER
OF A SECRET ORGANIZATION
KNOWN AS M.E.A.N.:
THE MINISTRY OF EVIL
AND ABUSIVE NEIGHBORS.
- SO ALL THESE YEARS,
YOU REALLY HAVE BEEN DOING
EVIL THINGS TO ME?
- THAT'S RIGHT!
WHY, JUST TODAY,
I FOOLED YOU INTO THINKING
IT WOULD BE CLOUDY
WITH A CHANCE OF RAIN.
[swirling chimes]
[ominous music]
- DINKLEBERG...
- THEN, I SNUCK INTO YOUR CLOSET
AND MADE ALL YOUR TIES CLASH.
[booming blast]
- [whistling]
DEH!
DINKLEBERG....
- [cackles]
THEN, IN AN ACT OF EVIL
I'M ESPECIALLY PROUD OF,
I CREPT INTO YOUR KITCHEN
AND MADE SURE THERE WAS
NO MILK FOR YOUR CEREAL.
[laughs]
I MEAN--
[laughs evilly]
- DEEEHH!
YOU MONSTER!
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT IT'S LIKE
TO EAT DRY CEREAL
ON A CLOUDY DAY
IN A CLASHING TIE?
- POOF-POOF!
- OH, NO!
TIMMY, YOUR DAD'S IN TROUBLE!
- WHOA, I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
HE WAS RIGHT ABOUT DINKLEBERG
ALL ALONG.
NOW I'VE GOT TO RISK EVERYTHING,
INCLUDING OUR LIVES,
TO SAVE HIM.
[drill buzzing]
- DO YOU KNOW WHAT THIS IS,
TURNER?
- OOH!
THAT'S THE LIGHTWEIGHT
CORDLESS DRILL GENIE XK-7
WITH THE PATENTED
COMFY-GRIP HANDLE.
- THAT'S RIGHT!
AND DO YOU KNOW
WHAT I'M GOING TO DO
WITH THIS DRILL?
NEVER LET YOU BORROW IT!
- NOOO!
I LOVE THAT DRILL!
OH, YOU'RE THE MOST EVIL
NEIGHBOR EVER!
GOLDILOCKS!
SAVE ME!
- YOU GOT IT, PAPA BEAR.
- GIRL VOICE!
- [high-pitched]
GUYS!
[clears throat]
GUYS, I WISH MY DAD WAS FREE.
- TIMMY, STOP TALKING
TO DINKLEBERG'S PIRANHAS
AND HIT THAT BUTTON.
[explosion]
YOU DID IT, SON!
NOW WE CAN DEFEAT DINKLEBERG
TOGETHER.
EEH...
TO THE ESCAPE CHUTE!
I'LL CUSHION YOUR FALL.
I'VE GOT YOU.
- WHOA, MR. DINKLEBERG,
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU REALLY ARE EVIL.
- OH, I'M NOT REALLY EVIL,
TIMMY.
I JUST KNEW HOW MUCH IT MEANT
TO YOUR FATHER
TO THINK I WAS EVIL.
- SO YOU DID ALL THIS
JUST TO MAKE MY DAD HAPPY?
- THAT'S RIGHT;
I EVEN SHELLED OUT 30 GRAND
FOR THIS SMALL-INTESTINE-SHAPED
LAIR.
- WOW, YOU REALLY ARE
THE BEST NEIGHBOR EVER.
- THAT'S WHY SANTA VISITS ME
IN SEPTEMBER.
JUST DON'T TELL YOUR DAD
I'M NOT EVIL.
IT WOULD BREAK HIS HEART.
NOW, HERE, TAKE THIS NEW BIKE
AND A SACK OF CASH,
AND BUY YOUR DAD
SOME SUSPENDERS.
- GOLDILOCKS!
I'M SO HAPPY!
- 'CAUSE I'M SAFE AT HOME?
- YES, YES, DUH.
BUT ALSO BECAUSE I WAS RIGHT
ABOUT DINKLEBERG BEING EVIL.
BUT I DON'T THINK
HE'S WORKING ALONE.
THE REAL MASTERMIND
IS OUR OTHER NEIGHBOR,
OLD LADY MARINELLI,
AND WE'RE GOING TO PROVE IT.
- COME ON, DAD.
MRS. MARINELLI?
SHE WORKS WITH ORPHANS.
- GIRL VOICE!
- [sighs]
- DINKLEBERG!
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com